[NO JIRA] Add documentation in the README (#10)
SonarSource/echoes-react: README.md

## Local Development

### VSCode Configuration

We recommend VSCode to work on this project. There is a `.vscode` folder containing:

- A list of recommended extensions
  - Install them through the marketplace
- A template for necessary (and recommended) settings: `settings.template.json`
  - Copy it and save it as `settings.json`

>   - You must open the project directly. Adding its folder in an existing workspace might not work, as the typescript configuration muts be defined at workspace level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You must open the project directly. Adding its folder in an existing workspace might not work, as the typescript configuration must be defined at workspace level.
```

### Run storybook

> Both these commands run the storybook server in `dev` mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command runs both storybook server in `dev` mode and the vite build in watch mode:
```

```bash
yarn dev

> yarn storybook

Reviewer: Only yarn dev is enough
